#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip smallskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Notes: Experience Profiles in Ben-Porath
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
CPS data
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Filter: want that to be inclusive b/c we want to capture declining hours
 later in life.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Also for computing school fractions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Age wage profiles
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Can construct median wages in 2 ways
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Wage = earnings per week.
 Drop outliers.
 Take median.
 Include true zeros (weeks = 0).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Median earnings (including 0s) / mean hours.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Using earnings shows a very large decline in median 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

wages
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 around age 60.
 Earlier than using wages.
 It does not look right.
 Reason not clear.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In either case: must use wage conditional on working to avoid massive drop
 by age 60.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
eof
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
